Bump wasmtime to 0.18 plus some housekeeping (#8)
golemfactory/ya-runtime-wasi: README.md

# Yagna-Wasmtime integration
![Continuous integration](https://github.com/golemfactory/ya-runtime-wasi/workflows/Continuous%20integration/badge.svg)

`ya-runtime-wasi` is a [`Yagna`] plugin that allows the provider to execute WASI modules
in a safe, sandboxed way. Typically, you will use this crate as part of your Yagna provider
installation. However, it is also possible to use the integration standalone to execute
zipped WASI modules according to some included manifest file.

[`Yagna`]: https://github.com/golemfactory/yagna

## Building

Building the project is very straightforward:

```
cargo build
```

> If you decide to make some tweaks and would like to test if everything still behaves
> as expected, you can trigger included end-to-end integration tests like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you decide to make some tweaks and would like to test if everything still behaves
as expected, you can trigger included end-to-end integration tests. Make sure you have
`wasm32-wasi` target installed (`rustup target add wasm32-wasi`) and then run:
```

```
cargo test --features integration-tests
```

Note that running the end-to-end tests requires you to have `wasm32-wasi` target installed.

## Running

### As part of Yagna

This step is explained in [Yagna's general tutorial].

[Yagna's general tutorial]: https://github.com/golemfactory/yagna/tree/master/agent/provider

### Standalone

Running standalone is pretty simple. For this, you'll want to use a Wasm module which performs
some input from the host, does some computations, and outputs the results to a file on the host.
To keep everything simple, we'll assume you use [`rust-wasi-tutorial`]. Clone the repo, and
build the project:

```

> git clone https://github.com/kubkon/rust-wasi-tutorial.git

Reviewer: is it on purpose?

```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/golemfactory/rust-wasi-tutorial.git
```

Author: Yep. I thought the example package was using my tutorial. We don't have repo under this name in golemfactory. Besides, I don't think there is any point in forking it. It's just a tutorial.
